For this project, Isaiah oversaw the sun, moon, and sky objects. The sun and moon are of the class celestial body, with both rising and setting. They move and grow/shrink as part of the move method. As day and night come and go, the background change colors as dictated by the sky object which contains a time keeping method. I found this to be a much better idea than either Patrick or I came up with, and he worked extremely hard and did outside research to get everything working. Patrick oversaw the cherry blossoms which were made using a custom PShape object inside of a cherry_blossom class. One movement was the blossoms falling, another being the blossoms rotating as they fall. This is used in the fall() function of the cherry_blossom class, which held and operated on multiple cherry_blossom objects(without inheritance). The fall() function also takes parameters such as the rate the blossom should fall and the speed of rotation, which I thought was a great idea. The other class, cherry_blossoms, stored multiple of these blossoms and continuously had them fall so that multiple blossoms are present with different starting positions/movement patterns. He faced many challenges, such the PShape object not properly rotating a curved object, so he restarted with a polygonal shape for the blossoms. He also had difficulty displaying multiple blossoms due to an oversight where the screen background was being refreshed in the fall() method, which was fixed by moving this refresh to the draw() method. He worked very hard to make sure the blossoms and their fall looked realistic and aesthetically pleasing. He also worked very hard on finding and getting the music to play. Again, after each aspect was considered functional, we peer reviewed each others code including corrections, suggestions, and options for improved efficiency. This teamwork facillitated most of the more involved features and allowed us to improve each others code while improving our own. Overall, it was fun and easy experience with my team members and I highly enjoyed working with them. Everyone made an effort to be in calls on time and to be present and helpful during them. 5/5 for both of them.